Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof . And the other : cotton , wool , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head . And the other : blue , red , green .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : fly , ant , bee .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : log , cat , horse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana . And the other : murder , rape , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails . And the other : mountain , hill , valley .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : cancer , measles , tuberculosis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : shirt , socks , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : oak , maple , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : doctor , lawyer , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork . And the other : football , baseball , basketball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring . And the other : trout , shark , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball . And the other : knife , spoon , fork .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : piano , drum , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine . And the other : chemistry , physics , psychology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants . And the other : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : hurricane , tornado , rain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley . And the other : hammer , saw , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery . And the other : apple , pear , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse . And the other : robin , sparrow , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green . And the other : leg , arms , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk . And the other : window , door , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor . And the other : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot . And the other : blue , red , green , yellow , black .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow . And the other : log , cat , horse , cow , lion .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape . And the other : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane . And the other : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail . And the other : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot . And the other : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon . And the other : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch . And the other : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock . And the other : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault . And the other : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion . And the other : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black . And the other : leg , arms , head , eye , foot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen . And the other : window , door , roof , wall , floor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room . And the other : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger . And the other : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe . And the other : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot . And the other : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum . And the other : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler . And the other : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind . And the other : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium . And the other : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy . And the other : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar . And the other : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl . And the other : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish . And the other : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf . And the other : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter . And the other : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood . And the other : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat . And the other : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia . And the other : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon . And the other : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping . And the other : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant . And the other : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white . And the other : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet . And the other : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall . And the other : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe . And the other : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws . And the other : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish . And the other : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike . And the other : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater . And the other : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse . And the other : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde . And the other : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt . And the other : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall .
