Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof . And the other : roof , window , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hall , window , door . And the other : door , hall , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hearth , hall , window . And the other : window , hearth , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basement , hearth , hall . And the other : basement , hearth , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : room , basement , hearth . And the other : hearth , room , basement .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ceiling , room , basement . And the other : room , basement , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : floor , ceiling , room . And the other : floor , room , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wall , floor , ceiling . And the other : floor , ceiling , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : roof , wall , floor . And the other : wall , floor , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : door , roof , wall . And the other : door , wall , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head . And the other : arms , head , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : toe , leg , arms . And the other : leg , toe , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hand , toe , leg . And the other : toe , hand , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ear , hand , toe . And the other : ear , toe , hand .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : finger , ear , hand . And the other : finger , ear , hand .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nose , finger , ear . And the other : finger , nose , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : foot , nose , finger . And the other : finger , foot , nose .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eye , foot , nose . And the other : eye , nose , foot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : head , eye , foot . And the other : head , foot , eye .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arms , head , eye . And the other : eye , head , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : sailboat , battleship , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : steamship , sailboat , destroyer . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , steamship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tugboat , steamship , sailboat . And the other : steamship , sailboat , tugboat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : tugboat , steamship , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , freighter , tugboat . And the other : tugboat , canoe , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yacht , canoe , freighter . And the other : canoe , yacht , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : submarine , yacht , canoe . And the other : yacht , canoe , submarine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cruiser , submarine , yacht . And the other : submarine , yacht , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : cruiser , submarine , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : destroyer , battleship , cruiser . And the other : battleship , destroyer , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : robin , heron , sparrow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vulture , robin , sparrow . And the other : robin , sparrow , vulture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : woodpecker , vulture , robin . And the other : woodpecker , vulture , robin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : woodpecker , vulture , pigeon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parrot , pigeon , woodpecker . And the other : pigeon , parrot , woodpecker .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hawk , parrot , pigeon . And the other : pigeon , hawk , parrot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : crow , hawk , parrot . And the other : crow , parrot , hawk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , crow , hawk . And the other : hawk , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : heron , eagle , crow . And the other : heron , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sparrow , heron , eagle . And the other : sparrow , eagle , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana . And the other : apple , pear , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apricot , apple , pear . And the other : apricot , apple , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lemon , apricot , apple . And the other : apple , lemon , apricot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : apricot , lemon , grapefruit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plum , grapefruit , lemon . And the other : grapefruit , lemon , plum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , plum , grapefruit . And the other : cherry , plum , grapefruit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grape , cherry , plum . And the other : plum , grape , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : peach , grape , cherry . And the other : cherry , peach , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : banana , peach , grape . And the other : banana , peach , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pear , banana , peach . And the other : banana , pear , peach .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails . And the other : hammer , saw , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : screws , hammer , saw . And the other : saw , hammer , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drill , screws , hammer . And the other : drill , screws , hammer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wrench , drill , screws . And the other : drill , wrench , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ruler , wrench , drill . And the other : ruler , wrench , drill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chisel , ruler , wrench . And the other : wrench , ruler , chisel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plane , chisel , ruler . And the other : plane , ruler , chisel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : level , plane , chisel . And the other : chisel , plane , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nails , level , plane . And the other : level , nails , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saw , nails , level . And the other : level , saw , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : hurricane , rain , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sunshine , hurricane , tornado . And the other : hurricane , sunshine , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clouds , sunshine , hurricane . And the other : hurricane , clouds , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : clouds , sunshine , cyclone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wind , cyclone , clouds . And the other : wind , cyclone , clouds .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : storm , wind , cyclone . And the other : cyclone , wind , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hail , storm , wind . And the other : wind , hail , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : snow , hail , storm . And the other : snow , hail , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rain , snow , hail . And the other : snow , rain , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tornado , rain , snow . And the other : snow , tornado , rain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : potassium , oxygen , hydrogen . And the other : potassium , hydrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : calcium , potassium , oxygen . And the other : potassium , oxygen , calcium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : potassium , calcium , chlorine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : helium , chlorine , calcium . And the other : calcium , helium , chlorine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sulphur , helium , chlorine . And the other : chlorine , helium , sulphur .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sodium , sulphur , helium . And the other : sulphur , helium , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carbon , sodium , sulphur . And the other : sulphur , carbon , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : carbon , sodium , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon . And the other : carbon , nitrogen , hydrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : physics , psychology , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : microbiology , chemistry , physics . And the other : chemistry , physics , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : geology , microbiology , chemistry . And the other : chemistry , microbiology , geology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : microbiology , geology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : astronomy , mathematics , geology . And the other : astronomy , geology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : botany , astronomy , mathematics . And the other : astronomy , botany , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : zoology , botany , astronomy . And the other : botany , astronomy , zoology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : biology , zoology , botany . And the other : biology , zoology , botany .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : zoology , psychology , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : physics , psychology , biology . And the other : physics , psychology , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : piano , trumpet , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oboe , piano , drum . And the other : oboe , drum , piano .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trombone , oboe , piano . And the other : piano , oboe , trombone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : trombone , oboe , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : guitar , saxophone , trombone . And the other : guitar , trombone , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flute , guitar , saxophone . And the other : flute , saxophone , guitar .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clarinet , flute , guitar . And the other : clarinet , guitar , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : violin , clarinet , flute . And the other : flute , clarinet , violin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : trumpet , clarinet , violin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drum , trumpet , violin . And the other : violin , drum , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork . And the other : knife , fork , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dish , knife , spoon . And the other : knife , spoon , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cup , dish , knife . And the other : knife , dish , cup .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixer , cup , dish . And the other : cup , dish , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bowl , mixer , cup . And the other : bowl , cup , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : stove , bowl , mixer . And the other : stove , bowl , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pot , stove , bowl . And the other : bowl , pot , stove .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pan , pot , stove . And the other : pot , stove , pan .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fork , pan , pot . And the other : pot , pan , fork .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spoon , fork , pan . And the other : fork , pan , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring . And the other : shark , trout , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pike , trout , shark . And the other : shark , pike , trout .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carp , pike , trout . And the other : trout , carp , pike .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cod , carp , pike . And the other : pike , cod , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : goldfish , cod , carp . And the other : carp , goldfish , cod .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuna , goldfish , cod . And the other : cod , tuna , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salmon , tuna , goldfish . And the other : goldfish , salmon , tuna .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : perch , salmon , tuna . And the other : perch , tuna , salmon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : herring , perch , salmon . And the other : herring , perch , salmon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shark , herring , perch . And the other : shark , herring , perch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball . And the other : football , basketball , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : badminton , football , baseball . And the other : football , badminton , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lacrosse , badminton , football . And the other : lacrosse , badminton , football .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : badminton , hockey , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : golf , hockey , lacrosse . And the other : golf , hockey , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soccer , golf , hockey . And the other : soccer , hockey , golf .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : swimming , soccer , golf . And the other : soccer , golf , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tennis , swimming , soccer . And the other : tennis , soccer , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : tennis , basketball , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : baseball , basketball , tennis . And the other : basketball , tennis , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : teacher , doctor , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychologist , doctor , lawyer . And the other : psychologist , doctor , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nurse , psychologist , doctor . And the other : nurse , psychologist , doctor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : salesman , psychologist , nurse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carpenter , salesman , nurse . And the other : salesman , carpenter , nurse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : professor , carpenter , salesman . And the other : professor , carpenter , salesman .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engineer , professor , carpenter . And the other : engineer , carpenter , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dentist , engineer , professor . And the other : engineer , dentist , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : dentist , engineer , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lawyer , teacher , dentist . And the other : teacher , lawyer , dentist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine . And the other : pine , maple , oak .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hickory , oak , maple . And the other : maple , hickory , oak .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fir , hickory , oak . And the other : fir , oak , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : fir , walnut , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : redwood , walnut , fir . And the other : redwood , walnut , fir .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spruce , redwood , walnut . And the other : walnut , spruce , redwood .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : birch , spruce , redwood . And the other : spruce , birch , redwood .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elm , birch , spruce . And the other : spruce , elm , birch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pine , elm , birch . And the other : birch , elm , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : maple , pine , elm . And the other : elm , pine , maple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants . And the other : pants , shirt , socks .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sweater , shirt , socks . And the other : shirt , socks , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hat , sweater , shirt . And the other : hat , shirt , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dress , hat , sweater . And the other : dress , hat , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : coat , dress , hat . And the other : dress , hat , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : skirt , coat , dress . And the other : dress , skirt , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blouse , skirt , coat . And the other : blouse , coat , skirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shoes , blouse , skirt . And the other : shoes , skirt , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : shoes , pants , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : socks , pants , shoes . And the other : shoes , socks , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : measles , cancer , tuberculosis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : encephalitis , cancer , measles . And the other : cancer , encephalitis , measles .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : influenza , encephalitis , cancer . And the other : influenza , cancer , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : smallpox , encephalitis , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pneumonia , smallpox , influenza . And the other : pneumonia , influenza , smallpox .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox . And the other : leukemia , smallpox , pneumonia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : malaria , leukemia , pneumonia . And the other : leukemia , pneumonia , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : polio , malaria , leukemia . And the other : leukemia , polio , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : tuberculosis , malaria , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : measles , tuberculosis , polio . And the other : tuberculosis , measles , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley . And the other : valley , mountain , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cave , mountain , hill . And the other : hill , mountain , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ocean , cave , mountain . And the other : cave , mountain , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : cave , ocean , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canyon , tundra , ocean . And the other : canyon , ocean , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lake , canyon , tundra . And the other : lake , canyon , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rock , lake , canyon . And the other : rock , canyon , lake .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : river , rock , lake . And the other : river , rock , lake .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : valley , river , rock . And the other : river , valley , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hill , valley , river . And the other : hill , river , valley .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery . And the other : rape , murder , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battery , murder , rape . And the other : rape , murder , battery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : adultery , battery , murder . And the other : adultery , battery , murder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : larceny , battery , adultery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : kidnapping , larceny , adultery . And the other : kidnapping , adultery , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arson , kidnapping , larceny . And the other : larceny , arson , kidnapping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : assault , arson , kidnapping . And the other : arson , kidnapping , assault .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : theft , assault , arson . And the other : assault , arson , theft .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robbery , theft , assault . And the other : assault , robbery , theft .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rape , robbery , theft . And the other : robbery , theft , rape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse . And the other : cat , horse , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mouse , log , cat . And the other : log , cat , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bear , mouse , log . And the other : log , mouse , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pig , bear , mouse . And the other : pig , bear , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elephant , pig , bear . And the other : bear , pig , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tiger , elephant , pig . And the other : tiger , elephant , pig .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lion , tiger , elephant . And the other : tiger , lion , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cow , lion , tiger . And the other : tiger , lion , cow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : horse , cow , lion . And the other : cow , lion , horse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cat , horse , cow . And the other : cow , horse , cat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee . And the other : fly , bee , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : butterfly , fly , ant . And the other : ant , butterfly , fly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flea , butterfly , fly . And the other : butterfly , fly , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : moth , flea , butterfly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wasp , moth , flea . And the other : flea , wasp , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : beetle , wasp , moth . And the other : wasp , beetle , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spider , beetle , wasp . And the other : beetle , wasp , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mosquito , spider , beetle . And the other : mosquito , beetle , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : mosquito , bee , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ant , bee , mosquito . And the other : ant , bee , mosquito .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green . And the other : green , red , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blonde , blue , red . And the other : blonde , blue , red .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : brown , blonde , blue . And the other : blonde , brown , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pink , brown , blonde . And the other : pink , blonde , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : white , pink , brown . And the other : white , pink , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : purple , white , pink . And the other : pink , white , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : black , purple , white . And the other : white , black , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yellow , black , purple . And the other : purple , black , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : green , yellow , black . And the other : yellow , green , black .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : red , green , yellow . And the other : green , red , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk . And the other : wool , silk , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : felt , cotton , wool . And the other : wool , felt , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canvas , felt , cotton . And the other : canvas , felt , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : denim , canvas , felt . And the other : felt , denim , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : velvet , denim , canvas . And the other : canvas , denim , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : satin , velvet , denim . And the other : denim , velvet , satin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : linen , satin , velvet . And the other : velvet , satin , linen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rayon , linen , satin . And the other : satin , linen , rayon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : silk , rayon , linen . And the other : silk , rayon , linen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wool , silk , rayon . And the other : rayon , wool , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor . And the other : wall , door , window , roof , floor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hall , window , door , roof , wall . And the other : door , roof , window , hall , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hearth , hall , window , door , roof . And the other : window , hearth , hall , roof , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basement , hearth , hall , window , door . And the other : door , window , basement , hearth , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : room , basement , hearth , hall , window . And the other : hearth , basement , room , hall , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall . And the other : basement , hearth , room , ceiling , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth . And the other : room , basement , floor , hearth , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement . And the other : ceiling , room , floor , basement , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room . And the other : wall , room , ceiling , floor , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling . And the other : door , wall , ceiling , roof , floor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot . And the other : arms , eye , foot , head , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : toe , leg , arms , head , eye . And the other : eye , leg , head , toe , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hand , toe , leg , arms , head . And the other : head , arms , toe , hand , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ear , hand , toe , leg , arms . And the other : leg , hand , arms , toe , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : finger , ear , hand , toe , leg . And the other : leg , toe , finger , hand , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nose , finger , ear , hand , toe . And the other : nose , finger , toe , hand , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : foot , nose , finger , ear , hand . And the other : hand , ear , finger , foot , nose .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eye , foot , nose , finger , ear . And the other : nose , eye , finger , ear , foot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : head , eye , foot , nose , finger . And the other : head , foot , nose , finger , eye .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arms , head , eye , foot , nose . And the other : eye , foot , arms , head , nose .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : battleship , sailboat , submarine , cruiser , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser . And the other : destroyer , battleship , sailboat , steamship , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : tugboat , steamship , destroyer , sailboat , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer . And the other : freighter , tugboat , sailboat , steamship , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat . And the other : steamship , sailboat , canoe , tugboat , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : yacht , canoe , tugboat , steamship , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat . And the other : yacht , canoe , freighter , submarine , tugboat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter . And the other : freighter , canoe , submarine , yacht , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe . And the other : submarine , cruiser , yacht , canoe , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht . And the other : yacht , submarine , battleship , cruiser , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow . And the other : eagle , robin , heron , crow , sparrow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle . And the other : heron , sparrow , robin , vulture , eagle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : heron , sparrow , woodpecker , vulture , robin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow . And the other : vulture , woodpecker , robin , sparrow , pigeon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin . And the other : pigeon , robin , woodpecker , vulture , parrot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : woodpecker , hawk , vulture , pigeon , parrot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker . And the other : crow , parrot , woodpecker , hawk , pigeon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon . And the other : pigeon , hawk , parrot , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot . And the other : parrot , heron , crow , eagle , hawk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk . And the other : eagle , sparrow , crow , hawk , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape . And the other : apple , grape , peach , pear , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach . And the other : apricot , peach , apple , banana , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana . And the other : apricot , lemon , apple , pear , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear . And the other : lemon , pear , apricot , apple , grapefruit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple . And the other : apricot , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : cherry , apricot , plum , grapefruit , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon . And the other : lemon , grapefruit , grape , plum , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit . And the other : grape , peach , plum , grapefruit , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum . And the other : grape , banana , cherry , plum , peach .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry . And the other : banana , cherry , pear , peach , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane . And the other : saw , hammer , plane , level , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : screws , hammer , saw , nails , level . And the other : level , hammer , saw , nails , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails . And the other : nails , screws , hammer , drill , saw .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw . And the other : wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer . And the other : ruler , hammer , wrench , drill , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws . And the other : wrench , chisel , ruler , drill , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill . And the other : plane , wrench , ruler , drill , chisel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench . And the other : chisel , plane , level , ruler , wrench .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler . And the other : level , ruler , chisel , nails , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saw , nails , level , plane , chisel . And the other : chisel , saw , level , nails , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail . And the other : hurricane , hail , rain , snow , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow . And the other : snow , hurricane , rain , sunshine , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : hurricane , tornado , rain , clouds , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado . And the other : tornado , clouds , sunshine , cyclone , hurricane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane . And the other : sunshine , hurricane , wind , cyclone , clouds .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : storm , clouds , cyclone , wind , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds . And the other : cyclone , clouds , storm , hail , wind .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone . And the other : cyclone , snow , hail , wind , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rain , snow , hail , storm , wind . And the other : rain , storm , snow , wind , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm . And the other : storm , snow , rain , hail , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : carbon , nitrogen , sodium , oxygen , hydrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon . And the other : nitrogen , carbon , potassium , hydrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : nitrogen , hydrogen , potassium , oxygen , calcium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen . And the other : potassium , calcium , chlorine , hydrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen . And the other : potassium , oxygen , chlorine , helium , calcium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : helium , chlorine , sulphur , calcium , potassium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium . And the other : sulphur , chlorine , helium , calcium , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine . And the other : carbon , helium , chlorine , sulphur , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium . And the other : carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur . And the other : hydrogen , carbon , sodium , nitrogen , sulphur .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : physics , psychology , chemistry , zoology , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology . And the other : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : microbiology , chemistry , geology , physics , psychology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics . And the other : microbiology , physics , geology , mathematics , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry . And the other : chemistry , geology , astronomy , mathematics , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : geology , mathematics , astronomy , botany , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology . And the other : mathematics , geology , botany , astronomy , zoology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics . And the other : botany , mathematics , biology , zoology , astronomy .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy . And the other : astronomy , zoology , psychology , botany , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany . And the other : zoology , botany , physics , biology , psychology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : violin , trumpet , piano , clarinet , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin . And the other : drum , violin , piano , oboe , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : piano , trombone , drum , oboe , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum . And the other : trombone , piano , oboe , drum , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano . And the other : oboe , guitar , piano , trombone , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : flute , saxophone , oboe , trombone , guitar .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone . And the other : guitar , saxophone , clarinet , trombone , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone . And the other : guitar , violin , flute , clarinet , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar . And the other : clarinet , trumpet , guitar , violin , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute . And the other : flute , violin , drum , trumpet , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot . And the other : pan , pot , knife , fork , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan . And the other : spoon , knife , fork , dish , pan .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork . And the other : fork , knife , dish , cup , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon . And the other : mixer , knife , cup , dish , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife . And the other : cup , bowl , knife , mixer , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish . And the other : stove , cup , dish , bowl , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup . And the other : stove , mixer , bowl , cup , pot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer . And the other : bowl , pot , stove , pan , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl . And the other : pot , fork , pan , stove , bowl .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove . And the other : fork , pot , pan , stove , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon . And the other : salmon , trout , shark , perch , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pike , trout , shark , herring , perch . And the other : perch , shark , herring , pike , trout .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carp , pike , trout , shark , herring . And the other : trout , pike , shark , carp , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cod , carp , pike , trout , shark . And the other : trout , shark , pike , cod , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout . And the other : goldfish , pike , trout , carp , cod .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike . And the other : cod , pike , carp , tuna , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp . And the other : salmon , cod , carp , goldfish , tuna .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod . And the other : tuna , goldfish , salmon , cod , perch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish . And the other : salmon , goldfish , herring , perch , tuna .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna . And the other : salmon , shark , tuna , perch , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : swimming , football , basketball , baseball , tennis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis . And the other : tennis , badminton , basketball , football , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball . And the other : lacrosse , basketball , baseball , badminton , football .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball . And the other : lacrosse , football , badminton , hockey , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football . And the other : golf , hockey , football , badminton , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : soccer , hockey , golf , badminton , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse . And the other : soccer , golf , swimming , lacrosse , hockey .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey . And the other : tennis , soccer , hockey , golf , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf . And the other : basketball , tennis , soccer , golf , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer . And the other : tennis , basketball , swimming , soccer , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : doctor , dentist , teacher , engineer , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist . And the other : doctor , psychologist , dentist , lawyer , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : nurse , teacher , psychologist , lawyer , doctor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer . And the other : nurse , salesman , psychologist , lawyer , doctor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor . And the other : salesman , carpenter , psychologist , doctor , nurse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : psychologist , nurse , professor , salesman , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse . And the other : salesman , carpenter , engineer , nurse , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman . And the other : engineer , dentist , professor , salesman , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter . And the other : dentist , engineer , professor , teacher , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor . And the other : dentist , teacher , engineer , professor , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch . And the other : pine , maple , birch , oak , elm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm . And the other : elm , hickory , maple , oak , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine . And the other : pine , fir , oak , maple , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple . And the other : fir , maple , oak , walnut , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak . And the other : oak , redwood , hickory , walnut , fir .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : fir , spruce , redwood , walnut , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir . And the other : walnut , spruce , birch , fir , redwood .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut . And the other : elm , walnut , redwood , birch , spruce .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood . And the other : birch , redwood , elm , spruce , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce . And the other : birch , elm , maple , pine , spruce .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : pants , socks , shirt , shoes , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes . And the other : shirt , shoes , socks , sweater , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants . And the other : sweater , socks , hat , pants , shirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks . And the other : dress , sweater , shirt , socks , hat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt . And the other : dress , shirt , hat , coat , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater . And the other : skirt , sweater , hat , dress , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat . And the other : blouse , hat , coat , skirt , dress .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress . And the other : dress , skirt , shoes , coat , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat . And the other : pants , shoes , skirt , coat , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt . And the other : socks , pants , blouse , skirt , shoes .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : tuberculosis , polio , measles , malaria , cancer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio . And the other : measles , tuberculosis , cancer , polio , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : measles , influenza , cancer , tuberculosis , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles . And the other : measles , encephalitis , smallpox , cancer , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer . And the other : cancer , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , pneumonia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : smallpox , leukemia , encephalitis , pneumonia , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza . And the other : leukemia , smallpox , pneumonia , malaria , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox . And the other : smallpox , pneumonia , polio , leukemia , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia . And the other : malaria , pneumonia , tuberculosis , leukemia , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia . And the other : malaria , tuberculosis , measles , leukemia , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock . And the other : rock , river , valley , mountain , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cave , mountain , hill , valley , river . And the other : mountain , hill , river , valley , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley . And the other : cave , valley , mountain , ocean , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill . And the other : tundra , mountain , cave , ocean , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain . And the other : cave , ocean , canyon , mountain , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : ocean , tundra , lake , canyon , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean . And the other : lake , rock , canyon , ocean , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra . And the other : tundra , river , rock , lake , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : valley , river , rock , lake , canyon . And the other : valley , lake , river , canyon , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hill , valley , river , rock , lake . And the other : valley , river , hill , lake , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault . And the other : assault , theft , rape , murder , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft . And the other : theft , rape , murder , battery , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery . And the other : battery , adultery , robbery , rape , murder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape . And the other : adultery , larceny , battery , murder , rape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder . And the other : murder , kidnapping , adultery , battery , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery . And the other : larceny , arson , assault , kidnapping , adultery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny . And the other : kidnapping , theft , assault , arson , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping . And the other : assault , robbery , theft , kidnapping , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson . And the other : theft , robbery , assault , rape , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion . And the other : lion , cow , cat , horse , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mouse , log , cat , horse , cow . And the other : horse , cat , log , cow , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bear , mouse , log , cat , horse . And the other : cat , log , horse , mouse , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pig , bear , mouse , log , cat . And the other : log , pig , cat , bear , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log . And the other : log , bear , pig , mouse , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse . And the other : elephant , pig , tiger , mouse , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear . And the other : lion , tiger , pig , bear , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig . And the other : lion , tiger , pig , cow , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant . And the other : tiger , lion , cow , horse , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger . And the other : cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : fly , spider , mosquito , bee , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito . And the other : fly , bee , ant , butterfly , mosquito .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee . And the other : fly , ant , butterfly , bee , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant . And the other : ant , moth , flea , fly , butterfly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly . And the other : moth , wasp , butterfly , fly , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : flea , butterfly , wasp , beetle , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea . And the other : wasp , beetle , moth , spider , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth . And the other : mosquito , beetle , spider , moth , wasp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp . And the other : spider , mosquito , bee , beetle , wasp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle . And the other : bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black . And the other : green , yellow , black , red , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blonde , blue , red , green , yellow . And the other : yellow , blonde , green , red , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : brown , blonde , blue , red , green . And the other : blonde , blue , brown , red , green .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pink , brown , blonde , blue , red . And the other : pink , blonde , red , blue , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : white , pink , brown , blonde , blue . And the other : white , blue , pink , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : purple , white , pink , brown , blonde . And the other : pink , purple , white , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : black , purple , white , pink , brown . And the other : white , pink , brown , black , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yellow , black , purple , white , pink . And the other : black , pink , purple , white , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : green , yellow , black , purple , white . And the other : purple , white , yellow , green , black .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : red , green , yellow , black , purple . And the other : black , red , yellow , green , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen . And the other : cotton , wool , rayon , silk , linen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon . And the other : felt , silk , rayon , wool , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk . And the other : canvas , felt , cotton , silk , wool .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool . And the other : wool , denim , canvas , cotton , felt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton . And the other : denim , velvet , canvas , felt , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt . And the other : denim , satin , velvet , canvas , felt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas . And the other : velvet , linen , denim , satin , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim . And the other : satin , linen , rayon , denim , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet . And the other : velvet , rayon , linen , silk , satin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin . And the other : rayon , satin , linen , wool , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room . And the other : room , door , roof , wall , window , floor , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling . And the other : door , roof , ceiling , window , hall , wall , floor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor . And the other : roof , hearth , window , hall , wall , floor , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall . And the other : hearth , basement , wall , window , door , roof , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof . And the other : hearth , basement , room , roof , hall , window , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door . And the other : hearth , window , ceiling , basement , room , door , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window . And the other : room , basement , floor , hall , hearth , window , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall . And the other : hall , hearth , ceiling , floor , room , basement , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth . And the other : room , wall , ceiling , basement , hearth , floor , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement . And the other : wall , door , basement , ceiling , room , roof , floor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger . And the other : finger , arms , eye , nose , foot , head , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose . And the other : foot , leg , nose , head , eye , toe , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot . And the other : toe , head , foot , arms , eye , hand , leg .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye . And the other : hand , arms , toe , leg , eye , ear , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head . And the other : arms , toe , leg , finger , hand , ear , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms . And the other : nose , finger , toe , leg , hand , ear , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg . And the other : ear , leg , toe , foot , finger , hand , nose .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe . And the other : ear , finger , eye , nose , toe , hand , foot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand . And the other : foot , finger , head , hand , nose , ear , eye .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear . And the other : ear , head , eye , arms , foot , finger , nose .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe . And the other : submarine , sailboat , battleship , canoe , yacht , cruiser , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht . And the other : yacht , destroyer , battleship , submarine , sailboat , steamship , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : tugboat , steamship , cruiser , submarine , destroyer , sailboat , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser . And the other : freighter , steamship , sailboat , tugboat , cruiser , battleship , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : destroyer , sailboat , battleship , canoe , steamship , tugboat , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer . And the other : yacht , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , canoe , destroyer , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat . And the other : steamship , freighter , yacht , canoe , sailboat , submarine , tugboat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : steamship , freighter , tugboat , canoe , submarine , yacht , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat . And the other : submarine , cruiser , freighter , yacht , canoe , tugboat , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter . And the other : cruiser , submarine , yacht , battleship , canoe , destroyer , freighter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot . And the other : hawk , eagle , crow , heron , robin , parrot , sparrow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk . And the other : sparrow , vulture , crow , heron , robin , hawk , eagle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow . And the other : heron , crow , vulture , sparrow , woodpecker , eagle , robin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle . And the other : robin , sparrow , vulture , woodpecker , heron , eagle , pigeon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : sparrow , robin , vulture , pigeon , woodpecker , parrot , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow . And the other : woodpecker , hawk , vulture , robin , sparrow , pigeon , parrot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin . And the other : parrot , woodpecker , crow , hawk , robin , vulture , pigeon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : parrot , vulture , hawk , pigeon , woodpecker , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker . And the other : heron , parrot , pigeon , crow , eagle , hawk , woodpecker .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon . And the other : eagle , pigeon , crow , sparrow , hawk , parrot , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum . And the other : peach , plum , apple , grape , pear , cherry , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry . And the other : cherry , apple , grape , apricot , peach , banana , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape . And the other : pear , apricot , grape , lemon , apple , banana , peach .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach . And the other : apricot , lemon , banana , pear , peach , apple , grapefruit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana . And the other : apricot , grapefruit , lemon , banana , plum , pear , apple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear . And the other : apple , pear , cherry , apricot , plum , grapefruit , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple . And the other : apricot , apple , lemon , grapefruit , plum , grape , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : grape , peach , grapefruit , plum , apricot , cherry , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon . And the other : grape , cherry , banana , plum , grapefruit , peach , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit . And the other : banana , grapefruit , pear , plum , peach , cherry , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler . And the other : chisel , plane , ruler , hammer , saw , level , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel . And the other : nails , plane , hammer , chisel , level , saw , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane . And the other : nails , screws , hammer , drill , saw , level , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level . And the other : nails , hammer , wrench , drill , screws , saw , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails . And the other : ruler , wrench , hammer , saw , nails , drill , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw . And the other : wrench , saw , hammer , chisel , ruler , drill , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer . And the other : plane , hammer , ruler , drill , wrench , screws , chisel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws . And the other : screws , drill , chisel , plane , level , ruler , wrench .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill . And the other : chisel , drill , level , wrench , nails , ruler , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench . And the other : level , saw , chisel , wrench , nails , ruler , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind . And the other : hurricane , hail , rain , snow , tornado , wind , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm . And the other : sunshine , hurricane , storm , rain , hail , snow , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail . And the other : clouds , tornado , hurricane , hail , rain , sunshine , snow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow . And the other : rain , snow , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , tornado , hurricane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : cyclone , rain , sunshine , wind , hurricane , tornado , clouds .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado . And the other : storm , tornado , clouds , hurricane , cyclone , wind , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane . And the other : hurricane , clouds , cyclone , storm , hail , wind , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : sunshine , clouds , snow , hail , cyclone , wind , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds . And the other : cyclone , storm , wind , clouds , rain , snow , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone . And the other : storm , snow , cyclone , rain , hail , tornado , wind .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium . And the other : sodium , nitrogen , carbon , sulphur , oxygen , hydrogen , helium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur . And the other : carbon , nitrogen , hydrogen , sulphur , potassium , oxygen , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : nitrogen , oxygen , hydrogen , sodium , carbon , potassium , calcium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon . And the other : hydrogen , calcium , potassium , nitrogen , chlorine , carbon , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : oxygen , nitrogen , chlorine , potassium , helium , calcium , hydrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen . And the other : helium , sulphur , chlorine , calcium , oxygen , hydrogen , potassium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen . And the other : sulphur , potassium , helium , calcium , chlorine , oxygen , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : potassium , sulphur , carbon , chlorine , helium , calcium , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium . And the other : sodium , carbon , helium , chlorine , sulphur , calcium , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine . And the other : chlorine , hydrogen , carbon , sodium , helium , nitrogen , sulphur .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy . And the other : chemistry , physics , botany , psychology , zoology , astronomy , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany . And the other : chemistry , psychology , physics , botany , zoology , biology , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : microbiology , biology , chemistry , geology , zoology , physics , psychology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology . And the other : biology , psychology , mathematics , microbiology , geology , physics , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : mathematics , psychology , geology , chemistry , astronomy , physics , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics . And the other : geology , mathematics , botany , astronomy , chemistry , microbiology , physics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry . And the other : microbiology , geology , botany , chemistry , astronomy , mathematics , zoology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : botany , mathematics , biology , geology , zoology , astronomy , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology . And the other : geology , zoology , astronomy , psychology , botany , biology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics . And the other : botany , astronomy , physics , zoology , biology , psychology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar . And the other : violin , piano , flute , trumpet , clarinet , guitar , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute . And the other : drum , flute , violin , piano , oboe , trumpet , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : drum , trombone , clarinet , piano , violin , oboe , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin . And the other : piano , trombone , violin , trumpet , oboe , drum , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : oboe , guitar , piano , trombone , saxophone , trumpet , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum . And the other : piano , saxophone , flute , oboe , drum , trombone , guitar .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano . And the other : guitar , piano , clarinet , trombone , saxophone , oboe , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : oboe , guitar , clarinet , violin , flute , trombone , saxophone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone . And the other : guitar , trombone , trumpet , clarinet , saxophone , violin , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone . And the other : saxophone , violin , guitar , drum , flute , trumpet , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl . And the other : pan , pot , knife , fork , spoon , bowl , stove .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove . And the other : dish , fork , spoon , knife , pot , stove , pan .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot . And the other : dish , knife , pan , fork , pot , cup , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan . And the other : knife , mixer , fork , pan , cup , dish , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork . And the other : mixer , bowl , fork , knife , cup , spoon , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon . And the other : spoon , dish , bowl , stove , cup , knife , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife . And the other : mixer , stove , knife , bowl , cup , pot , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish . And the other : dish , cup , pot , bowl , stove , pan , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup . And the other : cup , pot , stove , pan , fork , mixer , bowl .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer . And the other : fork , stove , pot , bowl , pan , mixer , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish . And the other : trout , perch , tuna , shark , salmon , herring , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna . And the other : tuna , shark , herring , perch , salmon , pike , trout .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon . And the other : pike , shark , trout , carp , salmon , herring , perch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch . And the other : trout , cod , pike , herring , perch , shark , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring . And the other : goldfish , trout , shark , pike , herring , carp , cod .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark . And the other : tuna , shark , cod , carp , trout , pike , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout . And the other : pike , cod , salmon , carp , trout , goldfish , tuna .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike . And the other : tuna , goldfish , salmon , cod , perch , pike , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp . And the other : cod , goldfish , salmon , herring , perch , tuna , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod . And the other : tuna , salmon , shark , goldfish , perch , herring , cod .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf . And the other : swimming , football , basketball , baseball , tennis , golf , soccer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer . And the other : tennis , football , basketball , badminton , swimming , baseball , soccer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : lacrosse , swimming , basketball , baseball , badminton , tennis , football .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis . And the other : lacrosse , tennis , football , badminton , hockey , baseball , basketball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball . And the other : baseball , football , badminton , golf , hockey , basketball , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball . And the other : badminton , hockey , soccer , golf , football , baseball , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football . And the other : football , swimming , badminton , soccer , golf , lacrosse , hockey .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : tennis , lacrosse , hockey , badminton , soccer , golf , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse . And the other : basketball , golf , tennis , soccer , hockey , lacrosse , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey . And the other : swimming , hockey , tennis , basketball , golf , soccer , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter . And the other : engineer , carpenter , doctor , dentist , teacher , lawyer , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor . And the other : dentist , engineer , doctor , psychologist , lawyer , teacher , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : teacher , nurse , engineer , psychologist , dentist , lawyer , doctor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist . And the other : nurse , lawyer , salesman , psychologist , dentist , doctor , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : psychologist , salesman , carpenter , doctor , lawyer , nurse , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer . And the other : psychologist , doctor , nurse , professor , salesman , carpenter , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor . And the other : nurse , salesman , carpenter , engineer , doctor , professor , psychologist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : engineer , dentist , nurse , salesman , professor , psychologist , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse . And the other : teacher , professor , dentist , engineer , salesman , nurse , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman . And the other : dentist , teacher , engineer , carpenter , professor , lawyer , salesman .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood . And the other : pine , oak , maple , redwood , spruce , birch , elm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce . And the other : elm , spruce , oak , maple , hickory , birch , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch . And the other : maple , oak , fir , elm , birch , pine , hickory .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm . And the other : fir , oak , pine , maple , walnut , hickory , elm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine . And the other : pine , redwood , walnut , oak , hickory , maple , fir .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple . And the other : fir , spruce , maple , walnut , redwood , hickory , oak .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak . And the other : walnut , hickory , fir , oak , spruce , birch , redwood .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : hickory , redwood , elm , walnut , birch , spruce , fir .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir . And the other : birch , fir , elm , walnut , redwood , spruce , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut . And the other : birch , elm , redwood , walnut , maple , pine , spruce .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat . And the other : pants , coat , socks , shoes , shirt , blouse , skirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt . And the other : skirt , shirt , blouse , sweater , socks , shoes , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : socks , blouse , sweater , hat , pants , shirt , shoes .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes . And the other : sweater , dress , shirt , socks , pants , hat , shoes .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants . And the other : shirt , dress , pants , socks , hat , coat , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks . And the other : sweater , shirt , skirt , socks , hat , dress , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt . And the other : skirt , hat , blouse , shirt , coat , dress , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater . And the other : hat , shoes , sweater , skirt , dress , coat , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat . And the other : shoes , coat , dress , pants , skirt , hat , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress . And the other : socks , pants , blouse , skirt , dress , shoes , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia . And the other : tuberculosis , leukemia , measles , polio , malaria , cancer , pneumonia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia . And the other : measles , tuberculosis , polio , cancer , malaria , encephalitis , leukemia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : influenza , tuberculosis , measles , malaria , cancer , polio , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio . And the other : cancer , encephalitis , polio , tuberculosis , measles , smallpox , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : cancer , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , pneumonia , tuberculosis , measles .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles . And the other : measles , smallpox , encephalitis , leukemia , cancer , pneumonia , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer . And the other : cancer , smallpox , leukemia , encephalitis , pneumonia , malaria , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : encephalitis , pneumonia , polio , influenza , smallpox , leukemia , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza . And the other : smallpox , malaria , pneumonia , influenza , tuberculosis , leukemia , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox . And the other : smallpox , tuberculosis , malaria , pneumonia , measles , leukemia , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon . And the other : lake , valley , canyon , river , rock , mountain , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake . And the other : mountain , hill , rock , river , lake , valley , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock . And the other : cave , ocean , rock , river , mountain , valley , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river . And the other : tundra , river , valley , cave , mountain , ocean , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley . And the other : ocean , cave , hill , canyon , mountain , valley , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill . And the other : mountain , tundra , lake , ocean , canyon , cave , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain . And the other : lake , rock , ocean , canyon , mountain , tundra , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : cave , lake , ocean , tundra , river , rock , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean . And the other : lake , canyon , valley , tundra , river , rock , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra . And the other : valley , tundra , hill , river , lake , rock , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping . And the other : theft , murder , kidnapping , rape , arson , assault , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson . And the other : arson , assault , rape , theft , murder , battery , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault . And the other : battery , robbery , adultery , assault , theft , rape , murder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft . And the other : adultery , larceny , battery , murder , rape , theft , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery . And the other : kidnapping , robbery , rape , murder , adultery , battery , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape . And the other : arson , kidnapping , larceny , rape , adultery , battery , murder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder . And the other : arson , battery , kidnapping , murder , larceny , assault , adultery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : kidnapping , theft , arson , adultery , battery , assault , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery . And the other : adultery , theft , robbery , kidnapping , assault , larceny , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny . And the other : kidnapping , theft , assault , robbery , rape , larceny , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant . And the other : horse , tiger , lion , elephant , cow , cat , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger . And the other : cat , lion , tiger , horse , log , cow , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion . And the other : cow , cat , horse , log , lion , mouse , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow . And the other : horse , cat , log , pig , cow , bear , mouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse . And the other : mouse , horse , log , bear , pig , cat , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat . And the other : elephant , mouse , pig , tiger , log , bear , cat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log . And the other : lion , tiger , log , bear , mouse , pig , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse . And the other : lion , bear , tiger , cow , mouse , pig , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear . And the other : pig , bear , lion , tiger , cow , horse , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig . And the other : elephant , cow , pig , cat , horse , lion , tiger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp . And the other : fly , spider , wasp , mosquito , bee , ant , beetle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle . And the other : butterfly , fly , bee , ant , beetle , mosquito , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : ant , butterfly , fly , mosquito , spider , bee , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito . And the other : bee , ant , mosquito , moth , flea , fly , butterfly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee . And the other : fly , wasp , moth , butterfly , bee , flea , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant . And the other : fly , butterfly , ant , flea , wasp , beetle , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly . And the other : beetle , wasp , fly , butterfly , moth , spider , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : moth , mosquito , butterfly , beetle , spider , flea , wasp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea . And the other : spider , mosquito , moth , bee , beetle , wasp , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth . And the other : bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , ant , wasp , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white . And the other : red , green , white , yellow , black , purple , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple . And the other : black , blonde , yellow , red , green , blue , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black . And the other : blonde , red , blue , yellow , brown , green , black .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow . And the other : pink , blonde , blue , yellow , red , green , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green . And the other : white , red , green , blue , pink , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red . And the other : white , purple , red , blue , pink , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue . And the other : white , blonde , blue , brown , pink , black , purple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde . And the other : blonde , black , pink , purple , brown , white , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown . And the other : white , purple , yellow , pink , brown , green , black .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink . And the other : black , white , red , yellow , green , purple , pink .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet . And the other : cotton , velvet , wool , satin , rayon , silk , linen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin . And the other : felt , linen , rayon , silk , satin , wool , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen . And the other : canvas , rayon , linen , silk , felt , cotton , wool .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon . And the other : rayon , denim , canvas , wool , cotton , felt , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk . And the other : velvet , denim , wool , silk , canvas , felt , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool . And the other : denim , velvet , satin , wool , canvas , cotton , felt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton . And the other : velvet , cotton , linen , satin , denim , felt , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt . And the other : linen , denim , satin , canvas , rayon , felt , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas . And the other : rayon , denim , silk , linen , velvet , satin , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim . And the other : linen , velvet , rayon , denim , wool , satin , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall . And the other : floor , hall , ceiling , hearth , wall , room , door , roof , basement , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth . And the other : wall , roof , door , ceiling , room , floor , hearth , hall , window , basement .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement . And the other : floor , basement , hall , window , ceiling , wall , room , hearth , roof , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room . And the other : roof , hearth , floor , door , ceiling , hall , room , basement , wall , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling . And the other : window , room , hearth , hall , basement , door , roof , ceiling , floor , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall , floor . And the other : door , roof , wall , ceiling , window , hearth , basement , room , floor , hall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof , wall . And the other : door , basement , window , room , roof , floor , hall , hearth , wall , ceiling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door , roof . And the other : floor , roof , ceiling , basement , door , window , hall , hearth , room , wall .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window , door . And the other : room , window , ceiling , basement , hall , wall , door , floor , hearth , roof .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall , window . And the other : hall , basement , door , ceiling , wall , hearth , floor , room , roof , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe . And the other : leg , toe , eye , nose , finger , arms , ear , head , foot , hand .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand . And the other : arms , toe , foot , head , leg , hand , nose , finger , eye , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear . And the other : foot , toe , head , eye , nose , ear , leg , arms , finger , hand .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger . And the other : hand , head , leg , toe , finger , arms , eye , foot , nose , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose . And the other : leg , nose , toe , finger , eye , arms , foot , hand , head , ear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye , foot . And the other : nose , eye , toe , foot , finger , leg , arms , ear , hand , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head , eye . And the other : foot , nose , arms , head , toe , ear , leg , hand , finger , eye .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms , head . And the other : toe , arms , ear , eye , finger , nose , foot , leg , hand , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg , arms . And the other : foot , finger , head , hand , eye , nose , toe , leg , ear , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe , leg . And the other : head , toe , hand , ear , leg , arms , eye , nose , foot , finger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : destroyer , sailboat , submarine , freighter , canoe , battleship , yacht , tugboat , cruiser , steamship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat . And the other : freighter , canoe , destroyer , battleship , submarine , yacht , tugboat , sailboat , steamship , cruiser .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter . And the other : submarine , tugboat , cruiser , freighter , steamship , canoe , yacht , destroyer , sailboat , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe . And the other : freighter , steamship , sailboat , yacht , battleship , cruiser , submarine , tugboat , canoe , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht . And the other : tugboat , submarine , canoe , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , freighter , sailboat , steamship , yacht .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : steamship , yacht , tugboat , cruiser , submarine , canoe , sailboat , freighter , destroyer , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser . And the other : canoe , steamship , battleship , destroyer , yacht , freighter , sailboat , cruiser , submarine , tugboat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : tugboat , canoe , steamship , freighter , cruiser , battleship , yacht , sailboat , submarine , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat , destroyer . And the other : tugboat , yacht , destroyer , cruiser , submarine , freighter , steamship , canoe , sailboat , battleship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship , sailboat . And the other : cruiser , submarine , yacht , sailboat , battleship , destroyer , tugboat , canoe , freighter , steamship .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : crow , sparrow , heron , hawk , pigeon , woodpecker , eagle , parrot , robin , vulture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker . And the other : vulture , parrot , hawk , woodpecker , robin , pigeon , sparrow , crow , heron , eagle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon . And the other : vulture , woodpecker , pigeon , sparrow , heron , crow , eagle , hawk , parrot , robin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot . And the other : woodpecker , robin , vulture , heron , sparrow , eagle , hawk , pigeon , parrot , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk . And the other : parrot , robin , vulture , hawk , sparrow , pigeon , woodpecker , heron , eagle , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow . And the other : hawk , woodpecker , vulture , eagle , pigeon , parrot , heron , sparrow , robin , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron , eagle . And the other : woodpecker , sparrow , robin , pigeon , parrot , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , vulture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : hawk , parrot , vulture , heron , robin , woodpecker , pigeon , eagle , sparrow , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin , sparrow . And the other : parrot , crow , heron , woodpecker , robin , pigeon , sparrow , eagle , vulture , hawk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture , robin . And the other : sparrow , crow , eagle , heron , woodpecker , pigeon , hawk , vulture , parrot , robin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : grapefruit , banana , peach , apricot , lemon , apple , plum , grape , cherry , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon . And the other : lemon , apple , grapefruit , apricot , peach , cherry , grape , banana , plum , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit . And the other : lemon , grape , peach , pear , apricot , plum , grapefruit , apple , cherry , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum . And the other : apricot , banana , apple , plum , lemon , grape , pear , grapefruit , peach , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry . And the other : grapefruit , apple , grape , apricot , lemon , cherry , plum , pear , peach , banana .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach , grape . And the other : cherry , peach , pear , apple , apricot , grape , banana , plum , grapefruit , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana , peach . And the other : apricot , lemon , pear , peach , banana , grapefruit , plum , grape , apple , cherry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear , banana . And the other : grape , peach , plum , apricot , lemon , grapefruit , banana , pear , cherry , apple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple , pear . And the other : cherry , plum , apricot , pear , grape , banana , grapefruit , apple , peach , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot , apple . And the other : banana , apple , lemon , apricot , peach , plum , cherry , pear , grapefruit , grape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws . And the other : drill , plane , screws , hammer , saw , chisel , wrench , ruler , level , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill . And the other : nails , wrench , hammer , drill , level , plane , chisel , saw , ruler , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench . And the other : hammer , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , nails , saw , level , plane , chisel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler . And the other : hammer , level , saw , wrench , drill , chisel , ruler , nails , screws , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel . And the other : level , wrench , screws , ruler , hammer , drill , chisel , plane , nails , saw .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level , plane . And the other : hammer , saw , wrench , nails , drill , level , chisel , plane , ruler , screws .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails , level . And the other : plane , hammer , chisel , nails , drill , ruler , wrench , saw , screws , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw , nails . And the other : wrench , nails , hammer , level , chisel , drill , screws , plane , saw , ruler .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer , saw . And the other : chisel , saw , drill , wrench , level , hammer , nails , screws , ruler , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws , hammer . And the other : level , saw , screws , chisel , hammer , nails , drill , wrench , ruler , plane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : hail , cyclone , hurricane , rain , clouds , snow , tornado , wind , sunshine , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds . And the other : hail , storm , rain , sunshine , hurricane , clouds , cyclone , wind , snow , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone . And the other : clouds , tornado , hurricane , hail , rain , sunshine , snow , wind , cyclone , storm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind . And the other : rain , storm , hail , snow , cyclone , wind , clouds , sunshine , tornado , hurricane .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm . And the other : sunshine , cyclone , rain , storm , tornado , wind , hail , hurricane , snow , clouds .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail . And the other : sunshine , clouds , tornado , storm , hail , snow , hurricane , cyclone , wind , rain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain , snow . And the other : cyclone , rain , wind , hurricane , snow , clouds , tornado , storm , hail , sunshine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : storm , hurricane , sunshine , hail , snow , tornado , wind , rain , cyclone , clouds .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane , tornado . And the other : storm , sunshine , wind , hurricane , tornado , rain , cyclone , snow , clouds , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine , hurricane . And the other : sunshine , clouds , hurricane , rain , cyclone , snow , storm , hail , wind , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : carbon , calcium , nitrogen , chlorine , sodium , helium , hydrogen , sulphur , oxygen , potassium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium . And the other : sodium , nitrogen , helium , chlorine , carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , potassium , sulphur , calcium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine . And the other : oxygen , chlorine , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , calcium , sulphur , potassium , sodium , helium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium . And the other : carbon , calcium , helium , hydrogen , sulphur , nitrogen , potassium , sodium , chlorine , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur . And the other : oxygen , nitrogen , helium , calcium , chlorine , potassium , hydrogen , sulphur , carbon , sodium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : sulphur , oxygen , helium , calcium , nitrogen , hydrogen , chlorine , carbon , sodium , potassium .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon . And the other : sulphur , potassium , oxygen , carbon , calcium , helium , hydrogen , chlorine , sodium , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : sulphur , sodium , hydrogen , carbon , chlorine , helium , oxygen , calcium , potassium , nitrogen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen , hydrogen . And the other : sodium , calcium , chlorine , carbon , potassium , nitrogen , helium , sulphur , hydrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium , oxygen . And the other : calcium , hydrogen , helium , potassium , carbon , sodium , nitrogen , oxygen , chlorine , sulphur .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : psychology , astronomy , zoology , geology , physics , chemistry , botany , biology , microbiology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology . And the other : psychology , chemistry , botany , geology , zoology , astronomy , biology , physics , mathematics , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics . And the other : microbiology , geology , astronomy , physics , biology , mathematics , chemistry , psychology , zoology , botany .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy . And the other : botany , geology , biology , zoology , astronomy , mathematics , psychology , physics , microbiology , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany . And the other : microbiology , physics , botany , geology , mathematics , astronomy , psychology , chemistry , zoology , biology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : chemistry , psychology , mathematics , botany , physics , biology , geology , astronomy , zoology , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology , biology . And the other : biology , psychology , botany , physics , geology , astronomy , microbiology , mathematics , chemistry , zoology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : mathematics , physics , geology , psychology , botany , astronomy , biology , chemistry , zoology , microbiology .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry , physics . And the other : zoology , geology , mathematics , botany , psychology , biology , microbiology , chemistry , astronomy , physics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology , chemistry . And the other : geology , zoology , botany , chemistry , astronomy , physics , biology , psychology , microbiology , mathematics .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : guitar , violin , trumpet , trombone , saxophone , clarinet , oboe , piano , flute , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone . And the other : trumpet , drum , guitar , flute , saxophone , piano , violin , trombone , oboe , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone . And the other : violin , flute , trombone , drum , clarinet , saxophone , guitar , piano , oboe , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar . And the other : saxophone , guitar , trumpet , trombone , piano , drum , violin , oboe , clarinet , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute . And the other : oboe , trumpet , guitar , clarinet , piano , trombone , saxophone , flute , violin , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : piano , violin , flute , saxophone , drum , oboe , trumpet , guitar , trombone , clarinet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet , violin . And the other : piano , guitar , trumpet , oboe , clarinet , violin , trombone , drum , saxophone , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : piano , flute , trumpet , oboe , guitar , saxophone , drum , violin , clarinet , trombone .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano , drum . And the other : saxophone , piano , drum , oboe , guitar , trombone , trumpet , clarinet , violin , flute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe , piano . And the other : trombone , saxophone , oboe , violin , guitar , piano , clarinet , drum , flute , trumpet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish . And the other : fork , mixer , cup , knife , spoon , pan , dish , pot , bowl , stove .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup . And the other : dish , knife , pot , mixer , cup , stove , fork , bowl , spoon , pan .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer . And the other : bowl , pot , knife , dish , mixer , fork , stove , spoon , pan , cup .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl . And the other : cup , stove , mixer , dish , pot , fork , knife , spoon , pan , bowl .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove . And the other : stove , mixer , pot , bowl , knife , pan , dish , fork , cup , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot . And the other : dish , pan , pot , bowl , fork , stove , cup , spoon , knife , mixer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork , pan . And the other : mixer , stove , bowl , pan , pot , spoon , knife , cup , fork , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon , fork . And the other : cup , pot , mixer , fork , pan , bowl , stove , knife , dish , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife , spoon . And the other : cup , pot , bowl , spoon , stove , pan , knife , fork , mixer , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish , knife . And the other : pot , mixer , bowl , fork , cup , knife , stove , pan , spoon , dish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike . And the other : perch , trout , goldfish , pike , shark , salmon , tuna , carp , cod , herring .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp . And the other : carp , herring , salmon , perch , shark , tuna , goldfish , cod , pike , trout .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod . And the other : tuna , cod , pike , goldfish , trout , herring , salmon , shark , carp , perch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish . And the other : salmon , cod , trout , tuna , pike , herring , carp , perch , shark , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna . And the other : goldfish , pike , shark , salmon , herring , trout , tuna , perch , carp , cod .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch , salmon . And the other : salmon , cod , carp , tuna , perch , trout , shark , pike , herring , goldfish .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring , perch . And the other : herring , carp , salmon , cod , trout , perch , pike , shark , goldfish , tuna .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark , herring . And the other : cod , pike , salmon , tuna , goldfish , shark , trout , perch , herring , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout , shark . And the other : pike , cod , shark , herring , salmon , trout , goldfish , perch , tuna , carp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shark , herring , perch , salmon , tuna , goldfish , cod , carp , pike , trout . And the other : salmon , tuna , cod , herring , goldfish , pike , perch , carp , shark , trout .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : golf , basketball , swimming , hockey , football , baseball , tennis , lacrosse , badminton , soccer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse . And the other : golf , football , badminton , basketball , tennis , baseball , hockey , soccer , lacrosse , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey . And the other : hockey , lacrosse , golf , basketball , baseball , swimming , tennis , soccer , badminton , football .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf . And the other : basketball , lacrosse , swimming , football , golf , soccer , badminton , hockey , baseball , tennis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer . And the other : swimming , baseball , basketball , badminton , golf , football , hockey , soccer , tennis , lacrosse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : hockey , tennis , golf , badminton , soccer , lacrosse , football , swimming , baseball , basketball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball , tennis . And the other : tennis , swimming , basketball , badminton , football , soccer , golf , lacrosse , baseball , hockey .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball , basketball . And the other : football , tennis , hockey , baseball , badminton , basketball , soccer , lacrosse , golf , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football , baseball . And the other : golf , football , soccer , tennis , lacrosse , basketball , hockey , badminton , baseball , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton , football . And the other : lacrosse , football , tennis , hockey , basketball , badminton , swimming , golf , soccer , baseball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : lawyer , engineer , salesman , psychologist , teacher , professor , nurse , doctor , dentist , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse . And the other : psychologist , doctor , engineer , nurse , carpenter , teacher , salesman , lawyer , dentist , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman . And the other : carpenter , engineer , nurse , professor , teacher , salesman , psychologist , lawyer , dentist , doctor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter . And the other : salesman , carpenter , engineer , nurse , psychologist , lawyer , dentist , professor , doctor , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor . And the other : lawyer , doctor , salesman , psychologist , carpenter , dentist , engineer , professor , nurse , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : doctor , teacher , engineer , lawyer , dentist , nurse , psychologist , professor , salesman , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist . And the other : psychologist , nurse , salesman , teacher , dentist , lawyer , carpenter , doctor , engineer , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : engineer , dentist , salesman , nurse , doctor , teacher , lawyer , psychologist , professor , carpenter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer . And the other : dentist , doctor , lawyer , teacher , carpenter , engineer , nurse , salesman , psychologist , professor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist , doctor . And the other : doctor , nurse , teacher , salesman , psychologist , carpenter , dentist , engineer , professor , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : maple , oak , spruce , redwood , pine , hickory , fir , walnut , birch , elm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir . And the other : fir , walnut , pine , maple , elm , redwood , oak , spruce , hickory , birch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut . And the other : fir , maple , elm , oak , redwood , hickory , pine , birch , spruce , walnut .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood . And the other : maple , spruce , oak , fir , pine , redwood , birch , walnut , hickory , elm .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce . And the other : redwood , pine , oak , spruce , birch , hickory , elm , fir , walnut , maple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm , birch . And the other : pine , walnut , fir , spruce , elm , birch , redwood , maple , hickory , oak .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine , elm . And the other : walnut , hickory , maple , oak , birch , fir , elm , redwood , spruce , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple , pine . And the other : maple , oak , pine , hickory , birch , elm , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak , maple . And the other : oak , fir , maple , elm , birch , hickory , redwood , walnut , spruce , pine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory , oak . And the other : walnut , oak , birch , fir , redwood , elm , pine , maple , hickory , spruce .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater . And the other : hat , pants , socks , coat , sweater , skirt , shoes , shirt , dress , blouse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat . And the other : shirt , dress , shoes , blouse , hat , pants , sweater , socks , skirt , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress . And the other : coat , shirt , sweater , dress , socks , shoes , hat , pants , blouse , skirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat . And the other : socks , blouse , shoes , shirt , dress , sweater , skirt , pants , coat , hat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt . And the other : shoes , skirt , blouse , socks , dress , pants , shirt , hat , coat , sweater .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : blouse , pants , shoes , sweater , dress , skirt , shirt , hat , socks , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants , shoes . And the other : socks , skirt , shoes , shirt , pants , blouse , hat , coat , sweater , dress .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks , pants . And the other : socks , hat , shoes , sweater , shirt , blouse , skirt , dress , coat , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt , socks . And the other : skirt , coat , pants , shirt , sweater , shoes , dress , blouse , socks , hat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater , shirt . And the other : shirt , hat , pants , skirt , blouse , socks , dress , sweater , shoes , coat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : measles , cancer , encephalitis , smallpox , pneumonia , tuberculosis , leukemia , polio , malaria , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza . And the other : leukemia , measles , influenza , pneumonia , tuberculosis , malaria , polio , cancer , smallpox , encephalitis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox . And the other : polio , malaria , cancer , influenza , tuberculosis , leukemia , measles , pneumonia , encephalitis , smallpox .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia . And the other : tuberculosis , cancer , encephalitis , influenza , leukemia , measles , polio , smallpox , malaria , pneumonia .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia . And the other : tuberculosis , cancer , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , pneumonia , leukemia , malaria , measles , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : smallpox , leukemia , malaria , measles , tuberculosis , cancer , encephalitis , polio , pneumonia , influenza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio . And the other : tuberculosis , leukemia , cancer , encephalitis , smallpox , polio , pneumonia , malaria , influenza , measles .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : malaria , pneumonia , influenza , cancer , encephalitis , polio , measles , smallpox , leukemia , tuberculosis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer , measles . And the other : pneumonia , polio , malaria , influenza , cancer , smallpox , tuberculosis , leukemia , encephalitis , measles .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis , cancer . And the other : malaria , cancer , tuberculosis , influenza , encephalitis , measles , pneumonia , leukemia , smallpox , polio .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : mountain , tundra , valley , cave , lake , river , rock , canyon , ocean , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean . And the other : lake , mountain , rock , hill , tundra , river , canyon , ocean , valley , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra . And the other : canyon , ocean , cave , tundra , river , rock , mountain , valley , hill , lake .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon . And the other : lake , cave , hill , tundra , rock , valley , ocean , river , mountain , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake . And the other : rock , canyon , valley , cave , ocean , hill , river , mountain , lake , tundra .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river , rock . And the other : mountain , tundra , river , lake , ocean , canyon , cave , valley , rock , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley , river . And the other : rock , tundra , valley , river , hill , mountain , lake , cave , ocean , canyon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill , valley . And the other : rock , mountain , lake , tundra , canyon , cave , ocean , river , hill , valley .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain , hill . And the other : canyon , hill , mountain , lake , valley , river , tundra , cave , ocean , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave , mountain . And the other : river , mountain , valley , canyon , cave , hill , tundra , lake , ocean , rock .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : murder , battery , theft , kidnapping , robbery , rape , adultery , arson , assault , larceny .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery . And the other : adultery , arson , theft , assault , larceny , rape , kidnapping , murder , battery , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny . And the other : robbery , larceny , adultery , theft , battery , kidnapping , murder , arson , assault , rape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping . And the other : kidnapping , arson , murder , adultery , theft , larceny , battery , assault , rape , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson . And the other : murder , adultery , battery , assault , larceny , kidnapping , rape , robbery , theft , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault . And the other : arson , theft , assault , kidnapping , rape , robbery , larceny , adultery , battery , murder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery , theft . And the other : murder , arson , kidnapping , theft , robbery , larceny , battery , assault , rape , adultery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape , robbery . And the other : rape , assault , battery , murder , kidnapping , theft , arson , adultery , larceny , robbery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder , rape . And the other : arson , kidnapping , larceny , theft , robbery , murder , assault , battery , rape , adultery .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery , murder . And the other : assault , robbery , murder , theft , battery , larceny , adultery , kidnapping , rape , arson .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse . And the other : horse , lion , pig , bear , tiger , mouse , cow , cat , elephant , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear . And the other : bear , tiger , cat , lion , horse , pig , log , cow , mouse , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig . And the other : log , tiger , elephant , mouse , cow , horse , cat , lion , pig , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant . And the other : cow , elephant , log , lion , mouse , pig , horse , tiger , cat , bear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger . And the other : cat , bear , mouse , lion , cow , tiger , log , pig , horse , elephant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow , lion . And the other : cow , log , elephant , mouse , horse , pig , lion , tiger , bear , cat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse , cow . And the other : tiger , mouse , lion , bear , cow , elephant , cat , horse , pig , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat , horse . And the other : lion , cow , bear , tiger , mouse , cat , pig , elephant , horse , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log , cat . And the other : elephant , tiger , pig , bear , horse , cat , lion , mouse , cow , log .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse , log . And the other : cow , cat , bear , mouse , pig , horse , lion , elephant , log , tiger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : mosquito , butterfly , fly , spider , moth , flea , bee , wasp , ant , beetle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea . And the other : flea , butterfly , wasp , fly , bee , ant , beetle , moth , mosquito , spider .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth . And the other : beetle , butterfly , mosquito , moth , spider , fly , ant , bee , wasp , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp . And the other : flea , bee , spider , mosquito , fly , ant , beetle , wasp , moth , butterfly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle . And the other : mosquito , wasp , moth , fly , beetle , butterfly , flea , spider , bee , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : beetle , ant , moth , butterfly , spider , fly , flea , wasp , bee , mosquito .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee , mosquito . And the other : butterfly , beetle , fly , wasp , spider , ant , mosquito , moth , bee , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant , bee . And the other : bee , wasp , moth , mosquito , ant , beetle , butterfly , spider , fly , flea .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly , ant . And the other : spider , beetle , ant , fly , flea , mosquito , moth , bee , butterfly , wasp .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly , fly . And the other : beetle , spider , bee , mosquito , butterfly , fly , flea , ant , wasp , moth .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde . And the other : blue , white , red , green , purple , yellow , blonde , pink , black , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown . And the other : brown , blonde , black , yellow , red , green , white , pink , purple , blue .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink . And the other : white , blonde , yellow , black , purple , green , blue , red , pink , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple , white . And the other : green , pink , blue , purple , blonde , yellow , white , red , black , brown .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black , purple . And the other : black , white , purple , blue , red , green , pink , brown , blonde , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow , black . And the other : white , purple , green , black , red , yellow , pink , blue , brown , blonde .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green , yellow . And the other : brown , blonde , white , red , blue , black , purple , pink , green , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red , green . And the other : blue , pink , red , brown , green , black , purple , blonde , white , yellow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue , red . And the other : red , purple , blue , brown , yellow , white , black , blonde , pink , green .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : red , green , yellow , black , purple , white , pink , brown , blonde , blue . And the other : brown , blue , red , yellow , blonde , black , pink , white , purple , green .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt . And the other : cotton , felt , linen , silk , denim , rayon , satin , canvas , wool , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas . And the other : rayon , denim , wool , felt , satin , silk , linen , velvet , cotton , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim . And the other : velvet , canvas , wool , silk , linen , denim , rayon , felt , cotton , satin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet . And the other : rayon , wool , denim , cotton , satin , velvet , felt , canvas , linen , silk .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin . And the other : satin , wool , denim , linen , velvet , rayon , silk , canvas , felt , cotton .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon , linen . And the other : rayon , silk , velvet , satin , canvas , denim , wool , cotton , linen , felt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk , rayon . And the other : cotton , linen , wool , satin , velvet , rayon , silk , denim , felt , canvas .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool , silk . And the other : silk , denim , linen , canvas , wool , satin , felt , cotton , rayon , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton , wool . And the other : felt , silk , wool , linen , denim , rayon , satin , canvas , cotton , velvet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : wool , silk , rayon , linen , satin , velvet , denim , canvas , felt , cotton . And the other : denim , canvas , satin , velvet , linen , felt , rayon , silk , wool , cotton .
