Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie . And the other : movie , patience , notion .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader . And the other : leader , pleasure , pattern .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor . And the other : factor , paper , belief .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle . And the other : cabin , doorway , candle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem . And the other : problem , future , legend .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter . And the other : patient , daughter , oven .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty . And the other : village , beauty , shipping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor . And the other : muscle , vapor , county .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera . And the other : onion , opera , iron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket . And the other : blanket , ticket , marriage .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning . And the other : bottom , meaning , summer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel . And the other : province , effort , parcel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive . And the other : fortune , acre , motive .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder . And the other : motor , powder , lawyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid . And the other : orange , letter , acid .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person . And the other : theory , island , person .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect . And the other : aspect , dragon , pillow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training . And the other : writing , training , pocket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness . And the other : sailor , darkness , matter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor . And the other : anchor , butcher , image .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail . And the other : candy , detail , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner . And the other : robber , banner , vessel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour . And the other : timber , harbour , engine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe . And the other : women , notion , patience , movie , canoe .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker . And the other : leader , culture , pattern , pleasure , worker .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade . And the other : factor , paper , belief , comrade , total .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch . And the other : monarch , parent , cabin , doorway , candle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie . And the other : problem , legend , future , flavor , prairie .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour . And the other : daughter , bubble , patient , oven , colour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit . And the other : beauty , football , village , merit , shipping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness . And the other : vapor , shepherd , muscle , sickness , county .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison . And the other : onion , prison , attack , opera , iron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure . And the other : blanket , ticket , treasure , marriage , baby .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage . And the other : bottom , campaign , voyage , meaning , summer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river . And the other : river , province , temple , effort , parcel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service . And the other : service , question , fortune , acre , motive .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain . And the other : habit , lawyer , mountain , powder , motor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive . And the other : olive , stocking , orange , acid , letter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper . And the other : island , theory , supper , season , person .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble . And the other : marble , chairman , aspect , dragon , pillow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin . And the other : training , writing , circuit , cousin , pocket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain . And the other : sailor , darkness , scatter , captain , matter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound . And the other : anchor , scholar , image , butcher , compound .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program . And the other : detail , candy , program , ocean , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon . And the other : banner , kitten , robber , vessel , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level . And the other : engine , timber , party , harbour , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly . And the other : folly , notion , movie , women , patience , canoe , novel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow . And the other : leader , culture , meadow , pattern , pleasure , worker , master .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle . And the other : comrade , paper , factor , belief , angle , battle , total .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover . And the other : doorway , cabin , lover , parent , monarch , kindness , candle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness . And the other : problem , legend , future , illness , flavor , prairie , forehead .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo . And the other : bubble , product , oven , daughter , patient , echo , colour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber . And the other : beauty , football , village , autumn , merit , lumber , shipping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value . And the other : value , herald , vapor , muscle , shepherd , sickness , county .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest . And the other : prison , onion , attack , butter , interest , opera , iron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness . And the other : ticket , blanket , weakness , treasure , event , marriage , baby .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet . And the other : helmet , bottom , campaign , cannon , voyage , meaning , summer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting . And the other : major , province , meeting , temple , river , effort , parcel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger . And the other : fortune , service , tiger , question , minute , acre , motive .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning . And the other : lawyer , mountain , powder , habit , learning , motor , district .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling . And the other : garden , stocking , olive , orange , acid , letter , feeling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent . And the other : island , theory , supper , reason , season , person , patent .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice . And the other : chairman , justice , horror , dragon , aspect , marble , pillow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter . And the other : cousin , circuit , writing , training , quarter , chapter , pocket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method . And the other : darkness , captain , sailor , method , scatter , tunnel , matter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim . And the other : victim , butcher , anchor , image , scholar , tribute , compound .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather . And the other : program , candy , detail , feather , traffic , ocean , window .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess . And the other : princess , banner , kitten , failure , robber , vessel , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single . And the other : engine , timber , money , single , party , harbour , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly , silver , eagle , center . And the other : canoe , center , novel , eagle , women , folly , notion , movie , silver , patience .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow , writer , apple , costume . And the other : worker , culture , leader , meadow , writer , master , costume , pleasure , pattern , apple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle , pistol , nothing , riches . And the other : battle , riches , belief , factor , pistol , angle , nothing , paper , comrade , total .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover , copy , soldier , kingdom . And the other : kindness , doorway , copy , monarch , soldier , candle , kingdom , cabin , lover , parent .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness , planet , canvas , chamber . And the other : prairie , future , problem , flavor , legend , forehead , illness , chamber , canvas , planet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo , pepper , fountain , music . And the other : echo , pepper , fountain , oven , product , bubble , daughter , patient , music , colour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber , research , resort , rival . And the other : research , football , lumber , beauty , resort , village , autumn , merit , rival , shipping .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value , mission , finger , building . And the other : muscle , building , vapor , sickness , finger , mission , value , herald , shepherd , county .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest , colonel , commerce , beggar . And the other : prison , commerce , attack , butter , colonel , onion , beggar , opera , interest , iron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness , cottage , cotton , judgment . And the other : cotton , weakness , blanket , treasure , ticket , cottage , baby , event , marriage , judgment .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet , thunder , hatred , stanza . And the other : summer , stanza , campaign , cannon , helmet , bottom , thunder , meaning , voyage , hatred .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting , career , bargain , chimney . And the other : parcel , effort , major , temple , province , chimney , meeting , career , river , bargain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger , author , sorrow , parlor . And the other : tiger , fortune , service , minute , author , parlor , motive , question , sorrow , acre .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning , leather , hero , water . And the other : lawyer , district , habit , powder , water , mountain , learning , leather , hero , motor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling , motion , compass , model . And the other : olive , model , stocking , orange , motion , garden , compass , acid , feeling , letter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent , picture , custom , twilight . And the other : island , custom , supper , twilight , theory , reason , patent , person , season , picture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice , danger , bedroom , canal . And the other : dragon , pillow , danger , bedroom , horror , chairman , justice , marble , aspect , canal .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter , button , turkey , surface . And the other : quarter , turkey , cousin , writing , circuit , training , pocket , button , chapter , surface .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method , wagon , effect , arrow . And the other : darkness , captain , sailor , method , matter , scatter , wagon , effect , tunnel , arrow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim , lily , witness , widow . And the other : butcher , witness , lily , victim , widow , image , anchor , compound , scholar , tribute .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather , array , pilot , silence . And the other : window , candy , program , array , feather , detail , traffic , pilot , ocean , silence .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess , painter , bullet , rifle . And the other : bullet , painter , banner , kitten , failure , princess , rifle , robber , vessel , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single , system , unit , traitor . And the other : single , engine , money , traitor , timber , unit , system , party , harbour , level .
