Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie . And the other : engine , timber , harbour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader . And the other : vessel , robber , banner .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor . And the other : candy , window , detail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle . And the other : image , butcher , anchor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem . And the other : sailor , matter , darkness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter . And the other : writing , pocket , training .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty . And the other : dragon , pillow , aspect .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor . And the other : island , theory , person .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera . And the other : orange , letter , acid .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket . And the other : motor , lawyer , powder .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning . And the other : acre , fortune , motive .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel . And the other : effort , province , parcel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive . And the other : summer , bottom , meaning .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder . And the other : blanket , marriage , ticket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid . And the other : iron , onion , opera .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person . And the other : county , muscle , vapor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect . And the other : village , shipping , beauty .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training . And the other : oven , patient , daughter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness . And the other : future , legend , problem .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor . And the other : cabin , doorway , candle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail . And the other : paper , belief , factor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner . And the other : pleasure , pattern , leader .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour . And the other : patience , notion , movie .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe . And the other : engine , timber , harbour , party , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker . And the other : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade . And the other : candy , window , detail , ocean , program .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch . And the other : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie . And the other : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour . And the other : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit . And the other : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness . And the other : island , theory , person , season , supper .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison . And the other : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure . And the other : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage . And the other : acre , fortune , motive , question , service .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river . And the other : effort , province , parcel , temple , river .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service . And the other : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain . And the other : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive . And the other : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper . And the other : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble . And the other : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin . And the other : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain . And the other : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound . And the other : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program . And the other : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon . And the other : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level . And the other : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly . And the other : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow . And the other : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle . And the other : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover . And the other : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness . And the other : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo . And the other : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber . And the other : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value . And the other : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest . And the other : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness . And the other : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet . And the other : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting . And the other : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger . And the other : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning . And the other : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling . And the other : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent . And the other : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice . And the other : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter . And the other : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method . And the other : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim . And the other : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather . And the other : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess . And the other : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single . And the other : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly , silver , eagle , center . And the other : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single , system , unit , traitor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow , writer , apple , costume . And the other : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess , painter , bullet , rifle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle , pistol , nothing , riches . And the other : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather , array , pilot , silence .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover , copy , soldier , kingdom . And the other : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim , lily , witness , widow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness , planet , canvas , chamber . And the other : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method , wagon , effect , arrow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo , pepper , fountain , music . And the other : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter , button , turkey , surface .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber , research , resort , rival . And the other : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice , danger , bedroom , canal .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value , mission , finger , building . And the other : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent , picture , custom , twilight .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest , colonel , commerce , beggar . And the other : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling , motion , compass , model .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness , cottage , cotton , judgment . And the other : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning , leather , hero , water .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet , thunder , hatred , stanza . And the other : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger , author , sorrow , parlor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting , career , bargain , chimney . And the other : effort , province , parcel , temple , river , major , meeting , career , bargain , chimney .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : acre , fortune , motive , question , service , minute , tiger , author , sorrow , parlor . And the other : summer , bottom , meaning , campaign , voyage , cannon , helmet , thunder , hatred , stanza .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : motor , lawyer , powder , habit , mountain , district , learning , leather , hero , water . And the other : blanket , marriage , ticket , baby , treasure , event , weakness , cottage , cotton , judgment .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : orange , letter , acid , stocking , olive , garden , feeling , motion , compass , model . And the other : iron , onion , opera , attack , prison , butter , interest , colonel , commerce , beggar .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : island , theory , person , season , supper , reason , patent , picture , custom , twilight . And the other : county , muscle , vapor , shepherd , sickness , herald , value , mission , finger , building .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : dragon , pillow , aspect , chairman , marble , horror , justice , danger , bedroom , canal . And the other : village , shipping , beauty , football , merit , autumn , lumber , research , resort , rival .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : writing , pocket , training , circuit , cousin , chapter , quarter , button , turkey , surface . And the other : oven , patient , daughter , bubble , colour , product , echo , pepper , fountain , music .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailor , matter , darkness , scatter , captain , tunnel , method , wagon , effect , arrow . And the other : future , legend , problem , flavor , prairie , forehead , illness , planet , canvas , chamber .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : image , butcher , anchor , scholar , compound , tribute , victim , lily , witness , widow . And the other : cabin , doorway , candle , parent , monarch , kindness , lover , copy , soldier , kingdom .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : candy , window , detail , ocean , program , traffic , feather , array , pilot , silence . And the other : paper , belief , factor , total , comrade , angle , battle , pistol , nothing , riches .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : vessel , robber , banner , kitten , lemon , failure , princess , painter , bullet , rifle . And the other : pleasure , pattern , leader , culture , worker , master , meadow , writer , apple , costume .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : engine , timber , harbour , party , level , money , single , system , unit , traitor . And the other : patience , notion , movie , women , canoe , novel , folly , silver , eagle , center .
