Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof . And the other : roof , window , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head . And the other : head , leg , arms .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship . And the other : battleship , sailboat , destroyer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron . And the other : robin , sparrow , heron .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana . And the other : banana , apple , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails . And the other : saw , nails , hammer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain . And the other : hurricane , rain , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen . And the other : hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology . And the other : physics , psychology , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet . And the other : piano , trumpet , drum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork . And the other : spoon , fork , knife .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball . And the other : baseball , football , basketball .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher . And the other : lawyer , doctor , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine . And the other : oak , pine , maple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants . And the other : shirt , socks , pants .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis . And the other : measles , cancer , tuberculosis .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley . And the other : valley , mountain , hill .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery . And the other : murder , robbery , rape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse . And the other : log , horse , cat .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee . And the other : bee , ant , fly .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor . And the other : roof , window , floor , wall , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot . And the other : head , eye , arms , leg , foot .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine . And the other : sailboat , destroyer , cruiser , battleship , submarine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow . And the other : robin , sparrow , eagle , heron , crow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape . And the other : peach , grape , apple , banana , pear .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane . And the other : hammer , saw , level , plane , nails .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail . And the other : tornado , rain , snow , hurricane , hail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium . And the other : sodium , carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology . And the other : psychology , physics , biology , zoology , chemistry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet . And the other : clarinet , violin , drum , trumpet , piano .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot . And the other : pan , knife , fork , pot , spoon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming . And the other : tennis , basketball , baseball , football , swimming .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer . And the other : engineer , dentist , doctor , lawyer , teacher .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch . And the other : pine , maple , elm , birch , oak .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse . And the other : socks , blouse , pants , shoes , shirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria . And the other : polio , cancer , malaria , tuberculosis , measles .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock . And the other : mountain , valley , rock , hill , river .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault . And the other : assault , robbery , theft , murder , rape .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion . And the other : lion , log , horse , cat , cow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider . And the other : bee , fly , mosquito , spider , ant .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : window , door , roof , wall , floor , ceiling , room , basement , hearth , hall . And the other : basement , roof , wall , hall , hearth , window , room , floor , ceiling , door .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leg , arms , head , eye , foot , nose , finger , ear , hand , toe . And the other : toe , arms , hand , leg , foot , finger , nose , eye , ear , head .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sailboat , destroyer , battleship , cruiser , submarine , yacht , canoe , freighter , tugboat , steamship . And the other : sailboat , canoe , yacht , cruiser , destroyer , tugboat , steamship , battleship , freighter , submarine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , sparrow , heron , eagle , crow , hawk , parrot , pigeon , woodpecker , vulture . And the other : heron , hawk , eagle , vulture , sparrow , pigeon , crow , robin , parrot , woodpecker .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , pear , banana , peach , grape , cherry , plum , grapefruit , lemon , apricot . And the other : pear , grape , lemon , peach , banana , apricot , apple , cherry , grapefruit , plum .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hammer , saw , nails , level , plane , chisel , ruler , wrench , drill , screws . And the other : hammer , drill , ruler , chisel , plane , screws , wrench , saw , nails , level .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hurricane , tornado , rain , snow , hail , storm , wind , cyclone , clouds , sunshine . And the other : storm , hail , cyclone , sunshine , clouds , snow , rain , hurricane , wind , tornado .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oxygen , hydrogen , nitrogen , carbon , sodium , sulphur , helium , chlorine , calcium , potassium . And the other : hydrogen , oxygen , carbon , helium , sulphur , sodium , potassium , calcium , nitrogen , chlorine .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : chemistry , physics , psychology , biology , zoology , botany , astronomy , mathematics , geology , microbiology . And the other : biology , zoology , mathematics , microbiology , psychology , chemistry , botany , geology , physics , astronomy .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : piano , drum , trumpet , violin , clarinet , flute , guitar , saxophone , trombone , oboe . And the other : drum , oboe , saxophone , trombone , trumpet , flute , clarinet , piano , guitar , violin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : knife , spoon , fork , pan , pot , stove , bowl , mixer , cup , dish . And the other : cup , pot , dish , knife , spoon , stove , mixer , bowl , pan , fork .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : football , baseball , basketball , tennis , swimming , soccer , golf , hockey , lacrosse , badminton . And the other : tennis , lacrosse , baseball , badminton , swimming , soccer , golf , basketball , hockey , football .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : doctor , lawyer , teacher , dentist , engineer , professor , carpenter , salesman , nurse , psychologist . And the other : teacher , nurse , psychologist , doctor , lawyer , engineer , dentist , professor , carpenter , salesman .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : oak , maple , pine , elm , birch , spruce , redwood , walnut , fir , hickory . And the other : elm , redwood , birch , oak , maple , fir , hickory , spruce , pine , walnut .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : shirt , socks , pants , shoes , blouse , skirt , coat , dress , hat , sweater . And the other : dress , socks , shoes , shirt , blouse , pants , sweater , hat , coat , skirt .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cancer , measles , tuberculosis , polio , malaria , leukemia , pneumonia , smallpox , influenza , encephalitis . And the other : leukemia , pneumonia , tuberculosis , smallpox , polio , influenza , cancer , encephalitis , measles , malaria .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mountain , hill , valley , river , rock , lake , canyon , tundra , ocean , cave . And the other : mountain , canyon , hill , ocean , rock , valley , river , tundra , lake , cave .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : murder , rape , robbery , theft , assault , arson , kidnapping , larceny , adultery , battery . And the other : assault , battery , larceny , murder , robbery , arson , kidnapping , rape , adultery , theft .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : log , cat , horse , cow , lion , tiger , elephant , pig , bear , mouse . And the other : cow , mouse , elephant , tiger , cat , bear , log , pig , lion , horse .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : fly , ant , bee , mosquito , spider , beetle , wasp , moth , flea , butterfly . And the other : bee , fly , flea , spider , butterfly , ant , moth , wasp , beetle , mosquito .
