Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music . And the other : meeting , frontier , basket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : forest , steamer , mixture . And the other : highway , willow , pasture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , mistress , orchard . And the other : jersey , value , angel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : berry , soldier , double . And the other : circuit , journal , quarter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : project , colour , treasure . And the other : story , pupil , princess .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leather , belief , basin . And the other : country , center , vessel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moment , ocean , rabbit . And the other : device , singer , picture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : palace , dragon , array . And the other : robin , widow , oyster .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : genius , talent , detail . And the other : blessing , cabin , artist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : party , cable , heaven .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven . And the other : parlor , sulphur , harness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blessing , cabin , artist . And the other : genius , talent , detail .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , widow , oyster . And the other : palace , dragon , array .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : device , singer , picture . And the other : moment , ocean , rabbit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : country , center , vessel . And the other : leather , belief , basin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : story , pupil , princess . And the other : project , colour , treasure .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : circuit , journal , quarter . And the other : berry , soldier , double .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : jersey , value , angel . And the other : cherry , mistress , orchard .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : highway , willow , pasture . And the other : forest , steamer , mixture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : apple , spirit , music .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer . And the other : planet , timber , silence , passion , lion .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry . And the other : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure . And the other : lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean . And the other : movie , absence , section , elbow , table .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius . And the other : player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin . And the other : bullet , building , police , letter , training .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : artist , robin , widow , oyster , device . And the other : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : singer , picture , country , center , vessel . And the other : willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal . And the other : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway . And the other : story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : singer , picture , country , center , vessel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package . And the other : artist , robin , widow , oyster , device .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bullet , building , police , letter , training . And the other : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor . And the other : talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon . And the other : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : movie , absence , section , elbow , table . And the other : leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero . And the other : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple . And the other : mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : planet , timber , silence , passion , lion . And the other : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer , mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry . And the other : tribute , chapter , contents , master , weakness , blanket , district , circle , candy , bargain .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure , leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean . And the other : courage , triumph , judgment , body , autumn , beaver , closet , teacher , theater , standard .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius , talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : event , learning , harvest , finger , perfume , supper , shower , pleasure , merchant , marriage .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin , artist , robin , widow , oyster , device . And the other : language , sparrow , laughter , bottom , mayor , garment , summer , armor , status , bedroom .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : singer , picture , country , center , vessel , story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal . And the other : journey , nation , maker , folly , women , shepherd , sailor , iron , rival , muscle .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway , willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : habit , servant , money , lily , image , number , agent , fabric , fever , gesture .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package , bullet , building , police , letter , training . And the other : hunter , candle , metal , income , victim , moisture , mission , major , jewel , tunnel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor , player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon . And the other : canoe , collar , mercy , father , offence , justice , concert , temper , monkey , trouble .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : movie , absence , section , elbow , table , lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero . And the other : darkness , football , olive , clothing , pony , farmer , contest , outline , success , orange .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple , planet , timber , silence , passion , lion . And the other : eagle , needle , union , stanza , beggar , prospect , carbon , opera , banner , estate .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , needle , union , stanza , beggar , prospect , carbon , opera , banner , estate . And the other : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple , planet , timber , silence , passion , lion .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : darkness , football , olive , clothing , pony , farmer , contest , outline , success , orange . And the other : movie , absence , section , elbow , table , lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , collar , mercy , father , offence , justice , concert , temper , monkey , trouble . And the other : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor , player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hunter , candle , metal , income , victim , moisture , mission , major , jewel , tunnel . And the other : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package , bullet , building , police , letter , training .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : habit , servant , money , lily , image , number , agent , fabric , fever , gesture . And the other : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway , willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : journey , nation , maker , folly , women , shepherd , sailor , iron , rival , muscle . And the other : singer , picture , country , center , vessel , story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : language , sparrow , laughter , bottom , mayor , garment , summer , armor , status , bedroom . And the other : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin , artist , robin , widow , oyster , device .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : event , learning , harvest , finger , perfume , supper , shower , pleasure , merchant , marriage . And the other : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius , talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : courage , triumph , judgment , body , autumn , beaver , closet , teacher , theater , standard . And the other : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure , leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tribute , chapter , contents , master , weakness , blanket , district , circle , candy , bargain . And the other : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer , mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry .
