Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music . And the other : music , apple , spirit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : forest , steamer , mixture . And the other : mixture , forest , steamer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : cherry , mistress , orchard . And the other : orchard , cherry , mistress .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : berry , soldier , double . And the other : berry , soldier , double .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : project , colour , treasure . And the other : treasure , project , colour .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leather , belief , basin . And the other : belief , basin , leather .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : moment , ocean , rabbit . And the other : moment , rabbit , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : palace , dragon , array . And the other : dragon , array , palace .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : genius , talent , detail . And the other : talent , detail , genius .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : parlor , harness , sulphur .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven . And the other : cable , heaven , party .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : blessing , cabin , artist . And the other : cabin , blessing , artist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : robin , widow , oyster . And the other : widow , robin , oyster .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : device , singer , picture . And the other : device , picture , singer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : country , center , vessel . And the other : country , center , vessel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : story , pupil , princess . And the other : pupil , story , princess .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : circuit , journal , quarter . And the other : quarter , circuit , journal .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : jersey , value , angel . And the other : jersey , angel , value .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : highway , willow , pasture . And the other : highway , pasture , willow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : basket , frontier , meeting .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer . And the other : music , apple , steamer , forest , spirit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry . And the other : mistress , orchard , cherry , mixture , berry .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure . And the other : soldier , double , colour , project , treasure .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean . And the other : leather , belief , moment , basin , ocean .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius . And the other : array , genius , rabbit , dragon , palace .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : talent , detail , sulphur , harness , parlor .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin . And the other : cable , heaven , blessing , party , cabin .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : artist , robin , widow , oyster , device . And the other : device , oyster , robin , widow , artist .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : singer , picture , country , center , vessel . And the other : country , picture , center , vessel , singer .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal . And the other : journal , circuit , pupil , princess , story .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway . And the other : angel , quarter , value , highway , jersey .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : frontier , meeting , pasture , willow , basket .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package . And the other : package , conquest , sugar , river , affair .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : bullet , building , police , letter , training . And the other : police , building , letter , training , bullet .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor . And the other : illness , vapor , cannon , husband , traffic .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon . And the other : manner , player , ribbon , notion , matter .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : movie , absence , section , elbow , table . And the other : movie , section , table , absence , elbow .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero . And the other : hero , baby , shipping , lover , creature .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple . And the other : temple , factor , helmet , cotton , dinner .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : planet , timber , silence , passion , lion . And the other : silence , planet , passion , lion , timber .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : apple , spirit , music , forest , steamer , mixture , cherry , mistress , orchard , berry . And the other : mistress , music , forest , berry , orchard , apple , cherry , steamer , mixture , spirit .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : soldier , double , project , colour , treasure , leather , belief , basin , moment , ocean . And the other : ocean , double , moment , soldier , treasure , belief , leather , colour , basin , project .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : rabbit , palace , dragon , array , genius , talent , detail , parlor , sulphur , harness . And the other : rabbit , detail , talent , array , palace , sulphur , harness , dragon , parlor , genius .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : party , cable , heaven , blessing , cabin , artist , robin , widow , oyster , device . And the other : heaven , artist , blessing , device , cable , widow , cabin , party , robin , oyster .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : singer , picture , country , center , vessel , story , pupil , princess , circuit , journal . And the other : picture , vessel , circuit , center , country , journal , singer , story , princess , pupil .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : quarter , jersey , value , angel , highway , willow , pasture , meeting , frontier , basket . And the other : quarter , frontier , pasture , willow , highway , basket , meeting , jersey , value , angel .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : sugar , river , affair , conquest , package , bullet , building , police , letter , training . And the other : bullet , package , police , training , letter , conquest , affair , sugar , building , river .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : traffic , illness , cannon , husband , vapor , player , matter , notion , manner , ribbon . And the other : illness , traffic , husband , matter , player , vapor , ribbon , manner , cannon , notion .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : movie , absence , section , elbow , table , lover , creature , baby , shipping , hero . And the other : elbow , table , baby , hero , section , movie , lover , shipping , absence , creature .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : factor , cotton , helmet , dinner , temple , planet , timber , silence , passion , lion . And the other : cotton , lion , silence , passion , helmet , planet , temple , factor , timber , dinner .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : eagle , needle , union , stanza , beggar , prospect , carbon , opera , banner , estate . And the other : banner , beggar , estate , eagle , needle , prospect , opera , carbon , stanza , union .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : darkness , football , olive , clothing , pony , farmer , contest , outline , success , orange . And the other : clothing , success , football , orange , pony , farmer , contest , olive , outline , darkness .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : canoe , collar , mercy , father , offence , justice , concert , temper , monkey , trouble . And the other : mercy , monkey , trouble , canoe , collar , offence , father , justice , concert , temper .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : hunter , candle , metal , income , victim , moisture , mission , major , jewel , tunnel . And the other : income , mission , victim , hunter , candle , jewel , tunnel , moisture , metal , major .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : habit , servant , money , lily , image , number , agent , fabric , fever , gesture . And the other : fabric , servant , lily , habit , image , money , gesture , fever , agent , number .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : journey , nation , maker , folly , women , shepherd , sailor , iron , rival , muscle . And the other : shepherd , sailor , maker , iron , folly , rival , journey , muscle , nation , women .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : language , sparrow , laughter , bottom , mayor , garment , summer , armor , status , bedroom . And the other : language , summer , sparrow , status , mayor , laughter , bottom , armor , garment , bedroom .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : event , learning , harvest , finger , perfume , supper , shower , pleasure , merchant , marriage . And the other : perfume , marriage , pleasure , event , harvest , supper , shower , learning , merchant , finger .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : courage , triumph , judgment , body , autumn , beaver , closet , teacher , theater , standard . And the other : body , standard , closet , beaver , triumph , theater , courage , teacher , autumn , judgment .
Before the meeting , Mary wrote down the following lists of words . One was : tribute , chapter , contents , master , weakness , blanket , district , circle , candy , bargain . And the other : contents , tribute , candy , weakness , bargain , chapter , circle , district , blanket , master .
